25 years ago you played a concert in
front of the entire world
[Music]
one month ago you played in Barstow
California for 40 people most of whom
were there for $2 taco night billing Ted
what have you got to say for yourselves
be excellent to each other and party on
dudes you were supposed to unite the
world and save reality as we know it
we've spent our whole life trying to
write the song that we unite the world
why can't we just go to the future when
we have written it whoa take it from
ourselves
how's that stealing if we're stealing it
from ourselves
[Applause]
no way how'd you like our song it's a
little on the dark side but you know
that's cool
[Music]
you